Now that we've had a look at what this course offers,
let me explain to you how you can get the most out of it.
Of course, you should watch the videos, go through the lectures and I do my best there to explain how Angular
works, why it works like this and how you use the different features together.
Besides the lectures, I've got a couple of assignments in this course, practices, exercises and I urge
you to do these exercises.
I designed them to be challenging but doable
These assignments allow you to check if you understood a certain concept and to really practice
it and get more comfortable using it.
Well besides the assignments, we're going to build a whole course project and I can only invite you to
build this project with me
and also sometimes pause the video and build a feature we're about to implement together, on your own first.
This really is a great exercise
too and it might also be very interesting for you to expand this course project beyond the things we build here
to add new features to it.
If you get stuck somewhere or if something is unclear, there is the Q&A Section and I'm very
happy to help you there and answer any questions you might have related to this course.
However, you will learn even more if you not only ask, but if you answer. Dig through the Q&A Section
and try to help other students too.
Why?
Because by answering, you are really challenged to think about a problem and come up with a solution.
It doesn't really matter if that is then the best possible solution.
If there is a better one, someone else is going to correct you and then you'll learn again.
But, by thinking about it in the first place, you really go through the concepts you learned and you apply
them to a real problem.
So, that's how you will learn the most.
Besides that, however strange it might sound, the official documentation
and Google are your friends; especially if you get some strange error messages. Simply Google for it and
not because I'm too lazy to help you, I will help you,
but because it's so much faster than waiting for my reply or for the reply of someone else.
Most of the error messages were encountered by other people before too,
so chances are great that you'll get an answer by simply searching for it. By following this advice,
you should learn a lot about Angular in this course.